bro thala ajith is also my hero but here i mentioned tonystrak the ironman.. i am creating this as a non profitable one because then only everyone can use it like open socurec but ur saying whatsApp/sms need paid services for real implementation. is there any option. in data recovery there is no issuse bro better we can add like this we only storing the information not the history so the duplicates will became minimum and if need means we can add recent history with current cridet. its ok for me to use json instread of mangoDB bro.. bro as i said i need a opensource for drive ,whatsapp , sms etc . if there is no other option means tell me what to do remove it or find alternative solution. and in customer history ad default we can keep show last 5 history entries. but need an arrow to show full history. aditional ideas i dont need a reset demo i can manually create using our app. yep yes we can add dark mode in it. yep yes we can also add multi-language: yep ya we can do analytics widget indeep also . bro i am not making it for hackathon i make it to show demo to my teachers , friends, and some shopkeepers near me to get an  idea about it work or not in the partically world.. and why some pages has no data like-- in components-backupmanager,calculator,customergroup,customerlist,notification. in styles-calculator. thala enna thala old code da na delete pannitan nee old code ha skip panni tiya pdf is not working ,current cridet is not working enna ku last time iruthuchi la current cridet show pannurathu athu tha vanum and same name filed the click panna details show agura mari current ha click panna kuda show haganum. dashboard page old ha vachikalam but ippo panna content ha excess ha add panni tha , grouping la name matum tha show haguthu but i need like atha click panna must show only that person history . like that i want i said u know like separating customers by catageroy. csv file work haguthu but formate change haguthu like ',' in address confussion make pannu thu and history same row la show hagi unclear ha iruku and add customers la um search bar vaikanum. in cridet tracker la na sonna tha u have under stand wrongly what i say was we have create a separate page for the add item. in it we need to add item and store the value of it so that if we type the item name it show in the input field so that we can easily click it and use it . if the item is not in the list means it have to create it as a new item and after all item is add the value must be sum and add in cridet . the function the the item input must be if the item is in a list while clicking it it must be add and a input field must be empty to add next time else if the item is not present means while clicking enter the cursor must go to the amount field , and after entering the amount the item-with amount must be added and again the input field must became empty to add new item . this process must be do repeated by pressing enter . if all item is added then while clicking the save cridet button it must be save in the localstroage.